= Redmine Worktime Log Plugin

Release Candidate: 0.0.1

== Inception
Stopwatch plugin with extended projects / users / issues summary will help you track your time without editing issue details.

Hey there. Worktime Log built about 3 month ago and today I completely added missing things and prepare first release. 

Plugin built especially for internal and tested with PostgreSQL configuration ONLY and with base RoR knowledges, so suggestions welcomed. Feel free to make forks and touch me in case if you have some fixes and suggestions.

== How it works?
Push START button and continue working and don't forget to press STOP when you going on lunch :)

== Installation
* bundle install --without development test RAILS_ENV=production
* Copy plugin files to ```/redmine/plugins``` and you will get something like that: ```redmine/plugins/redmine_worktime_log/init.rb```
* Run ```rake redmine:plugins NAME=redmine_worktime_log RAILS_ENV=production```


== Additional thanks to:
* Stopwatch timer originally from CakePHP app called [project-manager] by [websightdesigns]</li>
* [jQuery.Chosen] - by [Harvest]

== Project locations
* [Project page on GitHub]
* [Project page]
* [Bring me a coffee]

In case ff you found something unappropriate or I forgot mention someone please touch me and we fix it.
Developed by [Jared Denison] in 2014. 

[Project page on GitHub]:https://github.com/themondays/redmine_worktime_log
[Project page]:http://themondays.ca/redmine/plugins/worktimelog/
[Bring me a coffee]:http://themondays.ca/coffee/
[Jared Denison]:http://themondays.ca
[project-manager]:https://github.com/websightdesigns/project-manager/blob/master/README.md
[websightdesigns]:https://github.com/websightdesigns/project-manager/blob/master/README.md
[jQuery.Chosen]:http://harvesthq.github.io/chosen/
[Harvest]:http://www.getharvest.com/

